welcome to luebero the swiss fruit and
berry plant producers and bridges my
name is Mark Scott I'm founder and
praetor of libera and today I show you a
commercial rate law of planting which is
just coming into bloom it's a very high
density planting if you see here it's
planted on 50 centimeters each trees
they are now in the second and third
year and they are just coming into full
bloom it's really tripping tremendous to
see it exciting the whole lines of red
love apple trees and it's now going the
other way
normally commercial varieties are coming
into the Hobby fruit growing and many
varieties which are not really good for
hobbyists are coming into the amateur
fruit growing and blueberry is going the
other way we developed red loves for the
amateur market for the hobby fruit grows
for the grow your own fruit grows and
now it's going into the professional
line sometimes same variety sometimes
different varieties which are more
adapted to professional fruit growing
and you see these are some trees he's
planting them 5,000 trees a hectare 50
centimetres distance and almost every
centimeter a boat is starting to move
here really productive varieties full of
blooms and only about 10 20 % of the
blooms are already are already opening
of the blossom is already opening and 30
percent 70 percent is still closed to
close Stadium
they are red and open they become pink
but already now two three days before
the all the blossom is open it's really
nice to look at Rose and rose
of course it's also possible to plant it
at home as close and the most important
thing you don't have to prove when
you're pruning they're growing and when
you are not performing and only binding
to the horizontal when you're binding
the branches to the horizontal the wheel
you will have these type of trees like
here very product if you can you could
make a hatch like this and here a young
already love planting also line after
lines all coming into bloom now the
younger planting is a little bit earlier
in blooming pink spring it could even be
a turistic attract an attraction to have
red laughs in orchard I think people
would come from a long way to see this
type of
to become friends for the Japanese
cherry trees which are also very
attractive but read love are on the same
level